I can generate and animate my pixel art
in a matter of minutes using this tool
called Pixel Lab. [music] You just drop
in your sprite or even generate a brand
new one from scratch and get straight to
animating. Instead of drawing every
single frame by hand, you use the
character creator page. Simply import
your character or just describe [music]
it for a completely new one and Pixel
Lab calculates the motion for you. But
if you want the AI to do all the heavy
lifting, this is where it gets wild.
Animate with text lets you literally
[music] describe the move, like a heavy
jump attack, and it generates the
animation frames automatically. You can
even remix your existing assets.
Transfer outfit to animation lets
[music] you swap clothes without
redrawing the entire sprite sheet. And
yeah, sometimes an animation isn't
perfect on the first pass, but that's
fine. You can quickly clean up weird
pixels using edit animation or in paint
instead of starting over. Once it looks
good, just export the sprite sheet and
drop it straight into your game engine.
Check it out at pixelab.ai. [music]